every single day I get emails and
comments of people telling me they do
not have any money to invest they do not
have any money to get out of debt today
I will tell you exactly what you need to
do no investment on your part you came
here for the truth let's look at this
here YouTube I started building this
YouTube account in 2011
this has been a long ride many years in
the
making approaching approximately 50,000
subscribers I have made a
video you know let's say over 1,000
videos in
fact this didn't cost me anything it has
simply been my time
invested so I do my research on my own
time I collect that all together and I
make videos I have very basic skills
in any sort of editing I usually don't
do any editing but basic editing and I
have very basic uh Photoshop skills that
I have looked online see the techniques
and then copied that so that's basically
what I've done the images that I use are
only from images that I've taken um you
know throughout my travels so that's
that's what I do and I've allowed
YouTube to give me this audience you
simply monetize your channel to bring in
some revenue of course at the beginning
it's only pennies few and far between
but you know that slowly does get places
so once again if you want to start
making money YouTube is a good place
with no investment on your part just
your time so there's no excuse get on
there speak your mind and it will happen
you need to learn a little bit of
techniques and you know how to make your
videos more interesting and things but
at the beginning just get the content
out there and keep it to a reasonable
time frame and number two is this steam
it a lot of people don't like steem it
it doesn't
matter what I think you can do is with
your YouTube you can also get on to
steam it take the videos as I'm doing
from YouTube post them on steemit don't
do any additional work on steemit just
post them on steemit put the same title
same description and you will attain
followers on here particularly
like-minded individuals on steamate so
on Ste you're going to earn a
cryptocurrency so for those who don't
know something similar to let's say a
Bitcoin okay they have their own which
I'll show you every all the information
is public
so if I click on my
wallet you will see here I'll just
highlight it for you my steam dollars so
this is what I've earned I've earned $50
okay that's steam dollars which I can
convert into Bitcoin and from Bitcoin I
can convert that into cash or I can get
a Bitcoin debit card and simply spend it
like I normally would at the store I can
buy all kinds of things with Bitcoin but
essentially I'm using social media
directly earning income every single day
and then I take that it's it's in a
cryptocurrency format but I can take
that and translate that into real Goods
I don't have to keep the Bitcoin I can
literally do it every single day
transfer the money into my account and
not have to worry about that I don't
need to think this is a Ponzi scheme and
everything else it doesn't matter
because I'm going to pull my money out
every every single day now I haven't
done that in this case here but I will
be taking the money out of there so this
is a great way again perhaps if you want
to earn cryptocurrency or you want to
just you know you don't trust it at all
you simply want to take your money out
and invest it into you know maybe paying
your debt down or maybe you just want to
have that cash on hand maybe you want to
buy gold and silver this is a great way
to do that you can actually buy gold and
and silver using Bitcoin so I think that
people should be using their time and
their energy to create content whether
that's on places like YouTube or whether
that's on steemit and this is a way to
do that I don't know what's going to
happen to the future of either of these
but right now at this time you could be
using this to produce income I
understand that people don't like either
they don't like steemit they don't like
YouTube I'm just giving ideas to people
so I hope you appreciate that um just
just think of the way that um this is
you can use your time and energies to be
able to get to where you want to go I'm
just offering some examples take it for
what it is I'll just show you very
quickly here see it says your current
rewards shows me I can hit redeem
rewards and I can do this multiple times
a day as the rewards come in and you'll
see that value has changed so now it's
at 53 steam back dollars so then I can
take this and convert that as I said
everything that I've done here is
actually public you can see the history
at the bottom of the page so you'll know
you'll
see the big boys on this uh platform
earn thousands of dollars every single
day I mean it's ridiculous I think it's
going crazy personally but like I said
you don't have to trust it take your
money out every single day I think it's
a great great system and what you do is
you upvote other people's work and that
literally makes the money I think it's a
great system where it requires the
involvement of everyone else but don't
trust it just get on it take your money
out right away and that's one way to not
have to have any uh trust in the system
and still earn income get out of debt do
what you need to do if you found this
video informative please give me a
thumbs up just to support support me
give me a thumbs up and I want your
honest opinion about YouTube and about
steamate as well so don't be um shy
leave that down below of course I read
as many of the comments as I
can and that's all if you found it
informative I know you'll find my books
my website's even more informative check
it out the money gps.com I got free
ebooks I've got my other books I got
audio books t-shirts everything else the
money gps.com